cours 54/55/56 => multi-language installation mcamara,
cours 57/85 =>CRUD edit /update ,







Questionnaire:
1-The UK attracts more immigration from all over the world than any other country, thanks to its strong economy, high standard of living and a very pleasant working environment.
Paid vacations, free health care, and a good minimum wage, meaning the standard of living
It has increased in the UK over the last century.

2-Enjoy my time with sports, swimming, horse riding, skiing

3-My goal for the future is to develop my programming skills, improve myself and my life, and participate in charities.

4-I am in state of an active and energetic condition including the physical and mental.

5-Sir, I have not suffered from any depression, alcoholism, drug addiction, drug addiction or eating disorders and have not received before any treatment .

6-Violence is not my style, it's a criminal act. I am against such irresponsible behaviour.

7-no changes

8-HTML5, CSS3, BOOTSTRAP, JAVASCRIPT, PHP7, MSQL, SQL, FRAMEWORK VUEJS, FRAMEWORK LARAVEL,...

9-on my programming skills and experience., which I will use In my future profession.

10-
My strengths:
Ambitious, when I set a goal to reach, to progress for the better, I do not give up easily, patient, prudent, complete my job, self-confidence, quick to learn, enthusiastic, energetic,creativity, punctual.
my weakness:
I don't know English.

11-My achievements in the field of multimedia design of advertising posters and website banners, in the field of marketing that I attract customers and in the field of web development among the best in the 3w academy training.

12-My problem is if I balance my time between English and don't pay attention to languages at one time.

13-The thing that motivates me is psychological comfort and good dealings between colleagues at work, privileges, development in work, promotion, and wages.
-From my skills, I can read the strengths and weaknesses of the opposite person and what he is attracted to, through this I can convince and motivate him, working well as part of a team.

14-no change.

15-no change.

16-In the field of software, mathematics and physics, I was the first to study and specialized in software because I like to solve problems, create solutions and feel a sense of victory.

17-The previous job gave me an understanding of my practical abilities and self-confidence, dealing and persuading customers, it taught me how to reconcile multimedia and selling the offer and financial services, it gave me the opportunity to see myself in my own project.

18-Houssem bel khiriya

19-For me, this is a challenge, and everyone knows that mastering the language is a matter of time, and for culture, it is good to open up to a new culture and take from it what suits you.

20-2 months to be able to practice the English language.

21-Walking, hiking, trekking, footing ,Swimming, Sports.

22-repeat qustion.

23-The difference exists in all parts of the world and does not prevent dealing with some so that there is a common interest. For me, my business is my business regardless of his religion, beliefs, color and political affiliation.